# TelecommunicationChurnAnalysisPrediction
As the regular day-to-day activities are completely subjected to the utilization of telecom products and its services, the global market for telecommunication is escalated to grow at a phenomenal rate over the coming years. It is more important for the telecom industries to save their customers. The officials of the telecom industry must find their ways to improve the customer strength while maintaining the current customer rate and also retaining back old customers. The process where one customer leaves one company and joins another is called as churn. Churn is a very important area in which the telecom domain can make or lose their customers and hence the business/industry spends a lot of time doing predictions, which in turn helps to make the necessary business conclusions. Churn can be avoided by studying the past history of customers. The powerful weapon in today’s telecom industry is keeping the existence customers and acquiring new customers. Since the churn customers are increasing which brings the domains experts in action to make necessary churn analysis of customers. Churn prediction can be implemented through various supervised machine learning models. The company introduces new techniques and applications to increase the services to retain the customers. Various telecom companies are coming with advanced tactics in order to predict the churned customer in early stage. Traditionally, various types of machine learning approaches like Decision tree, Random Forest, and Bagging etc., were applied to predict churned customer. According the literature survey, the churn predictions for telecom industries also uses deep learning techniques for better accuracy and low processing time.
